WAIT FOR THEM TO ARRIVE.
>> Tucker: JESSICA, THANK YOU.
I APPRECIATE IT.
THE FOUNDER OF BORDER ANGEL AND
HE JOINS US AND THANK YOU FOR
COMING ON.
I UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE FOR
MORE IMMIGRATION INTO THE
COUNTRY, BUT I CAN'T IMAGINE YOU
SUPPORT PEOPLE WALKING ACROSS
MEXICO AND JUST SHOWING UP AND
EXPECTING TO BE LET IN.
AND IF THAT WERE TO HAPPEN WE
WOULD NO LONGER BE A COUNTRY.
>> MEXICO IS NOT A HOSTILE
NATION.
>> Tucker: OF COURSE IT IS.
>> NO, IT IS NOT.
IT IS PEOPLE COMING ON IN
CENTRAL AMERICA.
THIS IS HAPPENED SINCE REAGAN
INTERFERED.
THEY ARE ESCAPING VIOLENCE AND
HUNGER AND LOOKING FOR REFUGE
AND TRYING TO COME TO THE
COUNTRY AND YOU HAVE A BOERPD
PATROL SPOKESMAN AND SAID COME
AND YOU WILL GET IN, THAT'S
A LIE.
THAT'S NOT THE WAY IT WORK AND
IT CAUSES THESE PEOPLE TO CROSS
AND THINK THEY WILL GET.
MOST WILL NOT GET IN.
>> Tucker: I AM NOT SURE WHY YOU
WOULD FEEL AN OBLIGATION TO
DEFEND THE GOVERNMENT OF MEXICO
WHICH HIS BEEN LITERALLY FOR
YEARS AND TRAINED PEOPLE WITH
DOCUMENTS THAT WE HAVE ON HOW TO
GET IN THIS COUNTRY ILLEGALLY.
WHY ARE YOU FLACKING FOR THEM?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT IS IN IT FOR
YOU.
STOP LYING ABOUT THIS.
MIXTURE CO COULD STOP IT RIGHT
NOW.
IT IS IT A LONG COUNTRY.
AND THEY ARE NOT.
THIS IS AN ACT OF HOSTILITY.
>> THE THING IS WE ALLOW PEOPLE
TO TRAVEL FREELY IN THE COUNTRY
AS A LOT OF COUNTRIES DO.
YOU ARE LYING.
SHOW ME A DOCUMENT WHERE THE
MEXICAN GOVERNMENT IS TRAINING
PEOPLE TO CROSS INTO THE UNITED
STATES.
THE MEXICAN GOVERNMENT IS NOT
DOING.
>> Tucker: REALLY?
I AM SORRY, I WIN WITH SUPERIOR
KNOWLEDGE HERE.
NO, NO.
>> SUPERIOR ARROGANCE.
>> I KNOW YOU ARE SAN DIEGO AND
YOUR RACISM IS WELL KNOWN.
>> Tucker: THE MEXICAN
GOVERNMENT HAS GIVEN
INSTRUCTIONS TO PEOPLE, I'VE
SEEN IT WITH MY OWN EYES ON HOW
TO GET ACROSS THE BORDER.
BULLPEN THE HOLD ON, THIS GROUP
MUCH PEOPLE COULD BE STOPPED ANY
TIME BY THE MEXICAN GOVERNMENT
WHICH YOU FEEL A NEED TO MAKE
APOLOGIES ARE.
THEY KETAIN PEOPLE.
BUT THEY ARE NOT BECAUSE THEY
ARE GOING EL NORTE.
AND THEY ARE A HOSTILE POWER.
>> MOVEMENT PEOPLE ARE NOT
COMING TO THE UNITED STATES.
MOST PEOPLE GO ELSEWHERE AND NO
DESIRE TO COME HERE.
250 MILLION PEOPLE.
UNITED STATES HAS 11 MILLION AND
THAT FLOW HAS SHIFTED AND
DROPPED 40 PERCENT.
>> Tucker: YOU ARE MISSING IT.
WHY SHOULD WE TAKE ANY THAT COME
HERE ILLEGALLY.
>> THERE IS NO WAY FOR THEM TO
COME HERE LEGALLY.
AND THE DEMAND FOR THE DRUGS AND
INVADING IRAQ OR INTERFERE
NOTHING CIVIL WARS.
THAT CAUSES PEOPLE TO FLEE.
>> Tucker: SO OUR SINS ARE THE
REASONS AND SO YOU HATE AMERICA
IS WHAT YOU ARE SAYING.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT, IT IS
INTERESTING, YOU ARE BLAMING
AMERICA FOR ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION
INTO AMERICA.
>> CENTRAL AMERICA IS MEXICO IS
PART OF AMERICA.
>> Tucker: IT IS A SEPARATE
COUNTRY AND NOT THE SAME AS
HONDURAS.
AND 1-THIRD OF ALL SAL DORIAN
CITIZENS LIVE IN THE UNITED
STATES.
SO WHAT POINT DO WE ATONE FOR
OUR SINS IN ELSAL VADOR.
>> IT IS STOP TAKING THEIR
NATURAL RESOURCE AND INVADING
SOVEREIGNTY LANDS.
YOU HAVE A PRESIDENT.
>> Tucker: WE TOOK THE NATURAL
RESOURCES OF ELSAL VADOR.
>> DACA ENDED AND PEOPLE HAVE
BEEN HERE SINCE 1212.
>> Tucker: I AM NOT ASKING YOUR
OPINION ON TRUMP.
I AM ASKING YOU HOLD ON.
THE POLICY THAT AFFECT ALL OF US
AS AMERICANS, AND YOU ARE SAYING
THAT HONDURANS HAVE A RIGHT TO
COME HERE BECAUSE WE TAKE THE
NATURAL RESOURCES WAS HONDID
YOUR AUS.
CAN YOU BE SPECIFIC.
>> THE INVASION OF UNITED STATES
OF SOVEREIGNTY LANDS WHETHER THE
INTERFERRANCE OF.
>> Tucker: WHAT DID YOU DO OF
HONDEAR AUS.
>> IRAN CONTRAAND UNITED STATES
TAKE RESOURCES.
FOR THE MOTHER COUNTRY.
>> Tucker: THEY ARE COMING HERE
FOR BAD THINGS IN HONDURAS.
ARE YOU REPRESENTATIVE OF PEOPLE
ON THE LEFT?
WHAT ARE YOU TOWNING TALKING
ABOUT?
>> WHEN THEY INVADE FROM
SOVEREIGNTY LANDS, THEY SHOULD
BE A WELCOMING NATION AND THEY
ARE NOT.
THEY ARE DESPERATE PEOPLE.
>> Tucker:IN WANT TO HAVE
A RATIONAL CONVERSATION.
AND WE SHOULD HAVE ONE.